Warayet: 
 This research endeavours to discover if students are participated in classroom discussion in other ways besides oral participation.the present study aims to describe the complexity of student participation in EFL classroom activity. In order to uncover the nature of such participation in whole group settings, the research is mainly concerned with the participation process itself rather than with participation as a source of language learning. Therefore, the analysis in this study is basically descriptive which includes the description of student participation rather than analysing learning or pedagogical concepts.



More specifically, the concept of participation in the present study is used to describe these other types of student participation rather than explicit oral participation.


Teachers’ talking too much is not necessarily advantageous for students, because  too much teacher talk deprives students of opportunities to speak. Trainers frequently  point out to their student teachers: You don't need the language practice, they do. In  fact, students get bored by listening to the teacher all the time. Harmer (2001)  mentioned that students attempting to measure the quantity of teachers and learners  class talk proved that about two thirds of FL class talk comes from the teacher.  Teacher's silence in the classroom does not mean it is time for students to speak; it is  often a clear message that says: Pay attention to me or what you do is unacceptable to  me. In fact, the speaking rights of teachers and students are generally unequal, and teachers justify their dominance of the class talk by the fact that they have many  things to do in a short time. It is also the pressure to go through the curriculum. Even  when teachers ask questions to enable their students to speak and express themselves,  they provide them a short wait time. They intolerate silence because they think it leads to boredom and disruption. Teachers seem to prefer instant responses from their  students. White and Lightbown’s (1984) studies revealed that teachers’ rarely give  enough time for students to formulate answers before repeating, rephrasing, or  redirecting the question at another student. The shorter the wait-time, however, the  fewer and the shorter the student’s responses are. Silence is considered a sign of their  own incompetence and inadequacy in fulfilling their role as imparters of knowledge. 

stated in detail how the teacher can be a facilitator, a  controller, an organizer, an assessor, a prompter, a participant, a resource, a tutor, a  guide, an observer, a performer, a language model and even a part of the teaching  26

Quero saber mais sobre sua vida


